Pauline Thompson
================

		Background
		----------

	You will be playing the part of Pauline Thompson, currently an 
assistant in a consulting firm in Chicago, in the same mediocre 
position you have had for the past two years. You have kept it 
because it gives you the free time and access you need to work with 
your secret. 

	The secret starts with your growing up poor in a rich Chicago 
suburb, where one of your few friends was a guy named Alex Martin. 
After high school, his parents put him through Stanford, while you 
worked your way through Northwestern. Still, you two stayed in 
occaisional contact. Six years later, he was doing his PhD in 
Finance at U of Chicago, while you were working twelve-hour days on 
Wall street. He called you, saying he had found a money machine in 
Option Pricing, but he needed a partner in the business world. 
Naturally, you jumped at the chance. 

	In working on his thesis, Alex had come up with a better alter-
native to the Black-Scholes Option Pricing formula. He borrowed alot 
of cash from some Italian friend of his in the B-school, and 
covertly sent this to you as starting capital. Soon you were in 
business. You had to quit your job for one which gave you the time 
you needed, and Alex had to continue to make excuses to delay 
publishing his thesis. 

	Recently, Alex has begun to worry about his problems - he was 
running out of excuses, for both his thesis advisor and his friend 
Louis (whom he borrowed from). Last week, he said he was going to 
work on a rough draft of his thesis, and you said that you two 
should discuss it first. However, you have been unable to contact 
him since then, and he hasn't returned your calls. Getting a little 
worried, you decided to visit him at the office this evening. 


		The Party
		---------

	As it turns out, there was an office party at Alex's department 
when you came in which you walked in on. Not wanting to appear 
suspicious, you mingled some, trying to appear inconspicuous before 
slipping out. Then Alex showed up, and grabbed your arm, dragging 
you out through the hall into the stairwell to talk. "What the hell 
are you doing here?", he demanded. "What are you doing with your 
thesis?" you asked back. He explained that if he did not turn in his 
rough draft in the next month, then he would be kicked out of the 
program. 

	"Who cares about the degree?", you asked. "If you keep the 
secret to himself, you can make alot more than what you can as a 
post-grad." 

	"But my reputation will be ruined, and once people catch on to 
this thing, I'll be out a career." he replied. The argument 
continued for a few minutes. Finally he said, "Alright, look. I'm 
having some of my friends over to my place tonight. Why don't you 
join us, and I can introduce you as an old friend. We'll go back to 
the party, try to look casual. Look, here's my office keys. While I 
collect them together, why don't you pick up my data disk from the 
office. It's on my desk, labelled 'Data Disk #5'. After the get-
together, we can discuss this more informed." 

	So, indeed, you went back with him to the party, talking like 
old friends (which you are). While he collected his friends for the 
get-together, you slipped out to his office upstairs. You got into 
the office alright, and the disk was easy to find, since the disk 
box was already open and the contents were spread out on the desk, 
and there was nothing else on the desk except a marble paperweight 
on a pile of letters. 

	Going back downstairs, you got a little lost as you went one 
floor too far on the stairwell, but eventurally you got back to meet 
Alex at the edge of the party. He said he was headed back to his 
apartment, and you offered him a ride. He kissed his girlfriend 
Fiona good-bye, and caught a ride back to his apartment with you. On 
the way to the car you gave back his keys and the disk, but he said 
he didn't want to talk about it until later. He had to go to the 
bathroom, so you dropped him off at his apartment, and then hunted 
for a parking space for a while. Eventually, you found one, and you 
were let into the apartment by Fiona and her friend Bobby, who had 
gotten there ahead of you. 


		Advice
		------

	Remember that you are a stranger to everyone at the party except 
for Alex. You know from Alex that Fiona is an ex-girlfriend of his, 
whom he is apparently getting back together with. Also, you know 
that his advisor, Professor Chun, has been putting pressure on him 
to reveal his thesis work. Other than that, his friends are unknown 
to you (and you to them). 

	As far as personality, take whatever direction suits you. A bit 
of resentment or perhaps condescension at rich academics would be 
fine, a no-nonsense business attitude perhaps, and maybe even a bit 
of jealousy towards Alex's new old flame. There's no need to have 
the part played in any particular direction, so you don't have to 
act it up unless you want to. 


