Fiona McAllister
================

		Background
		----------

	You will be playing the part of Fiona McAllister, a second-year 
MBA student at the University of Chicago. In general, you are a 
highly motivated student, but lately your personal life has gotten 
rather complicated. About five months ago, you started going out 
with a guy named Bobby Herrerra. 

	Bobby's a decent guy, but he was very possessive, and has a 
drinking problem. He still has an apartment in Hyde Park, after 
graduating last year, but he often stayed late at his job downtown. 
At any rate, a few weeks ago you met up with an old ex-boyfriend, 
Rick Martin. Rick's a PhD student in Finance whom you broke up with 
about two and a half years ago, mainly because he just wouldn't open 
up to you. He is extremely quiet about his feelings, his work, his 
past - everything. Still, he is a good listener, and makes a nice 
shoulder to rest on. He seems a lot more laid-back now, a little 
more confident, and he even let slip that he has come into a lot of 
money somehow - but of course he won't talk about it. 

	To make a long story short, you have gotten back together with 
Rick, and Bobby is not too happy about it. He has been following you 
around a lot, and what's more, he has also been hassling Rick. 


		The Party
		---------

	Tonight, you went with Rick to an office party by the Finance 
department, which turned out to be something of a disaster. First of 
all, Bobby showed up and started to harrass you. Later some woman 
showed up, whom Rick immediately recognized, and went off to talk 
with, leaving you with Bobby. 

	Later they came back, and Rick introduced her as an old friend 
of his, Pauline. Still, you got the feeling that there was something 
more there. You didn't really think he was having an affair with 
her, but he was keeping something from you. He was angry with her, 
and maybe a little ashamed. 

	To add to it, he invited a bunch of people to join him at his 
apartment to watch some movies, and then caught a ride with her over 
there. Soon after he left, you stepped outside to avoid Bobby and to 
think. You decided to drive out to Rick's place, but you had to park 
a fair distance away. Walking back, you got to his building and rang 
up - only to find that Bobby had buzzed you in. Somehow he had 
gotten there ahead of you, and found the apartment empty. Bobby and 
you let the other guests in, but Rick has yet to show up. 